----------------------------------
Ash3d
----------------------------------
Test airport files with projected values
Test supplementing the global file.
Test replacing the global file.
Test having sample points (non-airports)
Test projecting (or not) airport list

Add outflow to netcdf output file.  Needed for restart cases.

DepositGranularity should be part of tephra and only over n_gs_max, not identical to outflow_xy1_pd

Add limits to iteration of vset so as to prevent run-away iterations.

Add Albers to projection list
Add new VOTW numbers to current database
Add max z as optional parameter on line 7
Change 3d ascii output to include deposit separately.

Add ip and op to argument lists to nail down interface blocks.
Verify that all allocated variables are deallocated.
Add a check for cwd in MetReader to give full paths to windfiles (needed in Win)

Add tool to recreate input file from netcdf file
Investigate all overflow/underflow errors
Test timing of do loops reversed; particularly with openMP
In get_minmax_index, vent needs to be included only until the eruption is turned off.

Add tests for equivalence of topography cases:
  (1) simple suzuki source with no topo
  (2) set topo to uniform 1km, Add 1 km to plume height =? same deposit
  (3) same as 2, but use scaled topo

make check fails if 'make install' had not been run since
~ASH3DHOME/share/GlobalAirports_ewert.txt in not installed.
Also fails if ~WINDROOT/NCEP/1980/hgt.1980.nc doesn't exist

get_version.sh needs to be fixed so that it works on a MacOS as well.
Also, it should be run with sh get_version.sh since some systems will not
honor the executable status when cloning the git repo.

Diffusion:
CN routines should use the geometric stencil matrix and apply it to all nsize.
  We would need to collapse and unpack the flushed bins
Add openmp directives around the outer loops for both CN and Expl.

Add an openmp branch just for reading the next windfile prior to when it is needed.

----------------------------------
Ash3d_PostProc
----------------------------------
Make sure the colors are as specified for both plplot and dislin
Check out gmt for fortran
write GMT subroutine that export script file for subroutines:
 write_DepPOI_TS_PNG_GMT and write_2Dprof_PNG_GMT

Confirm preferred shapefile specifications
 name? : ; limited to 8 char
 polylineM, polylineZ, add point with ESP's, check record type, available via URL,
 proj, dBASE version

Check ASCII output

Make sure all the postproc utilities work with projected grids too, including citywriter.

Allow postproc program to read from input file and allow:
  reading custom variable names from input file
  Add exposure output product when given flight path


